Freeze gradle version to avoid bug in 4.0.0 (#123)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-cordova: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 0.6.0 (under development)

> - **[Fix]** Freeze the gradle version to avoid issues introduced by it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Fix]** Use exact version of build gradle plugin in the Push module to avoid issues with unstable latest versions.
```
